---
title: '2006'
position: 17
year: 2006
---

Honest. Reliable. Knowledgeable. Trustworthy. These are just a few of the words I can use to express my feelings towards Nick and his very professional team. We arrived to Rhodes during an extremely busy period with over 7,000 people traveling to the island. Despite this chaos, Nick and his team showed us and our guests a fantastic and highly enjoyable time. We toured the island, leisurely and Nick never missed a photo opportunity or chance to share an extra special tid-bit of information regarding the island. He made sure we maximized our time in all of the "right" places and his recommendations for restaurants were BEYOND perfect. I commend Nick for a job well done and thank him personally for going above and beyond any expectation that I had of a "city tour". Thanks again, Nick!!!! Sincerely, Faaizah Al-Q. (Oct 29) Dubai, UAE

Nicholas - Thank you so much for a fabulous day! We especially LOVED our swim at Lindos followed by the delicious Rodos wine! I have a terrific picture of you that I will forward when I get a chance to upload it. Thanks again for a terrific trip! Best regards, Penny and Doug, David and Corinne, ALTOUR (Sept 23) USA

Hello, We just wanted to drop a short note to you to thank you and Michael once again for the fabulous tour of Rhodes! We all had a great time and appreciated all of the wonderful sights you showed us. We would definitely recommend both of you to any of our friends traveling to Rhodes! Wishing you both the best! Amanda F. (Aug 27) Yukon Canada

Nickolas, We have just returned from our big adventure and I must say you made part of it very nice. We so enjoyed spending the day with you on Rhodes. It was one of our best ports of the cruise. It was nice to visit the restaurant where the owner’s wife was from the states. What a nice man he was to sit with us and talk about home. Thank you for all the information you provided and I will definitely recommend you to my friends and family. Thanks again Claudia & John W. (July 10) Los Angeles, California

My wife and I just wanted to say thank you for the wonderful tour we had with Michael. The professionalism of your services and thoroughness of showing us around Rhodes was exceptional. Michael was very knowledgeable and made us feel very relaxed in allowing us to tailor the tour to just what we wanted to see. The valley of the butterflies was a once in a life time trip. Michael also gave us some great tips on Greek food It was the best way to start off our introduction of Rhodes. Efharisto! Again, Thank you. Dave and Marie S. (June 30) Ohio, USA
