---
title: '2007'
position: 16
year: 2007
---

Dear Nick. Thank you so much, we had such a wonderful vacation. We love Greece !!!!!!!! Thank you for making our trip so great. You were the best!! Crete and Santorini were also great. Keep in touch with us! When you come to the USA, call us. We will tell everyone about how great you were and how much fun we had with you. We miss the scenery, the food, our new friends. Thank you again. Jeri and Walter (Oct 12) Toronto Canada

Hi Michael and Nicholas. Thanks so much for making the trip to Rhodes as good as it could possibly have been. We enjoyed your driving us around the island, stopping at the sites we wanted to visit and showing us things, we never would have known about otherwise. We loved the donkey ride at Lindos and the lunch prepared by the sisters, the Three Musketeers, at the church at the top of the Valley of the Butterflies was wonderful. It was also very nice to walk downhill in that lovely valley instead of hiking the distance uphill. We did notice that any temple, fortress, walled city or other important site in Greece is located on the top of the highest, steepest mountain around, so it was nice for once to only have to walk down. Thank you again and I hope to get back to Rhodes someday. I'll surely call you if I do! Nina W. (Sept 24) Wichita, Kansas

Thank you for your wonderful service. We enjoyed our brief visit to Rhodes and Michael's tour certainly made it worthwhile. Of the three car tours we took in different areas, yours stands out. We saw our friends yesterday who also took your tour last month, and enjoyed reminiscing about the interesting sites we all saw. Again, thank you. Phyllis, Jerry and Allison S. (Aug 28) New York

Thank you so much for a memorable day! Manolis, our driver, was absolutely wonderful and his great, sunny personality made our day. He even did a little Greek dance with me! We will definitely recommend your services to friends - and Manolis in particular! THANK YOU! Susanne (July 17) Ontario Canada

Efkaristo !! Dominique was a fantastic driver. Thanks for a very special day. Feel free to use us as a reference anytime! hope to see you in Rodos again sometime. Lou G. (June 10) Belgium
