---
title: '2008'
position: 15
year: 2008
---

Thank you, Nick, !!! My parents had a wonderful trip and loved spending the day with you on Rhodes.....Hope send other travelers your way. Very best to you. Kiela H. President, Convention Connection (Oct 10) Malibu, CA 90265

Nicholas - Thank you for your services. We had a wonderful trip. Michael did a wonderful job and was a great host. Please thank him on our behalf. We were captivated by Rhodes, and indeed, all of the islands we visited. You have a beautiful country. Thank you, Bob S. (Sept 23) Denver, Colo.

Nicholas, Fabulous tour. Thank you so much. I can't tell you how much we enjoyed the day. Your sense of humor, knowledge of the area and fabulous suggestions made for the perfect day. We're nearing the end of our trip and in Venice. We will definitely be back next year. If you need a recommendation, please let me know. Many regards and if you even come to the west coast of Florida, please give me a call. Regards, Kelly S, Boulder V. (Aug 14) Florida West Coast

Nicholas, thank you so very much for an outstanding tour of Rhodes. My friends and I were impressed with your knowledge of the island and our trip was more memorable because of you. I especially enjoyed the phyllo pastry with honey at the Restaurant; the flavor was exceptional. You were so kind to take us there for lunch. Good luck to you and thanks again for a terrific tour! Judy G. (July 10) Louisville-Jefferson

Hi Nicholas, we wanted to thank you again for taking us on a tour of Rhodes. Rhodes was one of our favorite places, and we saw much more of the island on your tour than we would have with a shore excursion from the cruise line. I appreciated the fact that we were able to stop for pictures in several spots, and we never felt rushed while we explored sites on our own. If I have friends going to Rhodes, I'll be sure to recommend you for a tour! Thanks, Rebecca and William (June 20) Brisbane AU

