---
title: '2009'
position: 14
year: 2009
---

Dear Nicholas, the four of are still talking about our Rhodes tour as the "Highlight" of our trip! We had a wonderful time, and have threatened to come back and buy an olive grove and live there. We truly loved your island. Our driver (cannot remember his name-what was it, please?) was charming and informative and friendly. We will certainly call you again should we get back to Rhodes and recommend your tour to any of our friends traveling to Rhodes.  Rick & Joy (Oct 17th) USA

Hi Nicholas. Our tour of Rhodes, Filermos and Lindos with Michael was relaxing, informative and quite enjoyable. We appreciated how he managed our time so that we were able to see as much as possible. Rhodes is definitely an island we would love to visit again. Thank you. Charlene & Ed P. (Sept 15) UK

Nicholas. You have a good eye when taking photos. You took one of our family with the harbor scene in the background. It was so good that I had copies made and I’ll included them in many of my Christmas cards. Our visit to Rhodes is fondly remembered and you helped make the experience special. Thank you. If I know of anyone coming to Rhodes, you may be assured that I will heartily recommend your service. And a very special holiday season is wished for you and your family. Roxanna C. (Aug 20) Nova Scotia Canada

Hi Nicholas: ...We did have a fabulous continuation of our trip ending in Istanbul. The weather continued to be wonderful so we saw everything in its best glory. Judy and I wish you and your family all the best, and we do look forward to enjoying your smiling services again in beautiful Rhodes... Our best, Bob and Judy B. (July 14) Darwin AU

Hello Nick, I just wanted to let you know that my cousin, Linda Babcock, and I are thinking of you during the holidays and remembering our fantastic tour with you. I have recommended your services to my friend, Ana Mellon, who is visiting Rhodes in April, 2010 with great enthusiasm!! "She won't miss a trick with Nick" right? Remembering you and your amazing gift for finding just the right places to go (specially to put my foot in the sea) and we loved the restaurant, and the meliasti...can't wait to return! Have a wonderful holiday season. Betty C. (May 12) Jacksonville, Fla.
