---
title: '2010'
position: 13
year: 2010
---

Hi Nick, I wanted to let you know that we really enjoyed the tour, it was the highlight of our trip. Rhodes is a beautiful island and I think all of us hope to come back again someday. We will definitely recommend your service to anyone we know who is heading to Rhodes. Thanks again and have a great day! Laurie H. Associate Macleod Dixon LLP (Oct 25) Alberta Canada

Dear Nicholas, you certainly made our stay in Rhodes interesting and FUN!!! We really feel as though we know you as a friend. We look forward to seeing you again, and perhaps staying on the island for a little beach holiday. The island is beautiful. I will, of course, let you know if I have any clients who will be coming to Rhodes. Thank you for everything, and I agree, let's stay in touch. Fondly, Karen. Travel Potentials (Sep 14) Washington DC

Hi Nick, I just wanted to let you know that we all loved our tour with your brother Michael yesterday. I will be highly recommending your service on the internet, in my office, and to my clients. It was a wonderful day. Please give my thanks to Michael. Sincerely, Carol Dyck (Aug 26) Accredited Cruise Counsellor

Dear Nicholas, Just wanting to thank you and your very competent drivers for the service you provided to my group in Rhodes. We had a great time! Arlina O. Journeys of Faith, Inc. (July14) Quezon City, Philippines

Nick, First and foremost thank you for the wonderful 1/2-day tour of Rhodes. From beginning to end, you made sure that we did not miss a thing. We are eternally grateful for that. Your insight and patience was well appreciated. We also appreciated you going out of your way to get us some delicious "baklava" and "galaktoboureko". Rhodes was one of the highlights of our cruise trip, all thanks to you. We hope to visit again soon. If we do, know that you will be the first person we call. I will certainly recommend you to all of my friends. Thanks again. Torres Family (June 23) USA
