---
title: '2011'
position: 12
year: 2011
---

Dear Nicholas. We are still on Cruise and therefore my belated thank you, for an excellent tour of Rhodes and Lindos. It was a relief to step off the ship on a cold and windy day and find you waiting for us, as planned. Your insight into anything of consequence on the Island, was extremely interesting and informative, giving us a very good insight into Rhodes. I especially enjoyed the Street of the Knights and Lindos. Again, a heartfelt thank you, from myself and the family, as it felt more like a family friend showing us around, rather than being on a tour. Sincerely Bill O (Oct 22) South Africa

Hi Nicholas. We are home safe. The rest of our trip was as wonderful as our Rhodes tour. Got some great pictures. Spent time at the synagogue and wandered around the old Town. Love Rhodes and telling everyone about it and will recommend you. Thank you Arleen M (Oct 14) El Paso, Tex.

Dear Nicholas. I just wanted you to know how much we enjoyed having Dominic show is around Rhodes. He did a wonderful job and I appreciate his patience very much. Sincerely. Sue (Oct 12) NJ USA

Hi Nick. We very much enjoyed our trip to Rhodes and our time with you. We will definitely be back and will certainly refer any people who are travelling to your beautiful island to your services. Brian (Sept 25) Canada

Thanks Nick. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and definitely will recommend you to anyone visiting your beautiful island. Rick P. (Sept 18) Poland

Hello. We had a wonderful tour with Michael in Rhodes. We loved Rhodes and hope to visit again in the future. Thanks. Kathy (Sept 9) Gold Coast–Tweed Heads AU

Nick. We really enjoyed our time in Rhodes and certainly hope to return, and if we do, we will definitely use your services. We will also highly recommend you. I have been working on our photo albums from the trip and we are all still awed by how beautiful Rhodes was… thanks again for all your help...Ruth S. (Aug 10) Atlanta, Ga.

Nicholas. The wonderful tour that you gave us was one of the highlights of our trip! You gave us lots of information and showed us many interesting parts of Rhodes. It was truly a pleasure being shown Rhodes by you. We will certainly not hesitate to recommend you to anyone who is looking for a wonderful experience on your island. Thank you again for helping us to have such a wonderful experience! Hazel B. (Aug 3) Philadelphia, Pa.

Nicholas. Thank you so much for the wonderful tour in Rhodes. We were met by our driver at the port on time. He was informative and very attentive to my husband's needs. I had enough time to visit the sights that my husband was not able to while he stayed in the car with the driver. We were very satisfied. You delivered exactly what you said you would. We would recommend your company to our friends and family. Sincerely, Max, Karen and Sue (July 18) New Jersey USA

Nicholas: After 12 days in Greece and 4 islands, one of the best memories of our trip was the day we had Michael show us around Rhodes. Not only was he on time, but he was a wonderful host and wealth of information throughout the day. He was very personable and helped us understand Greek culture and what it is like to be Greek in today's environment. The customized day trip was perfect as it gave us a true taste of Rhodes and the amazing landscape that we saw make us want to visit again and again. The dinner recommendations capped off a perfect day and we even saw Michaelis at the fountain square! We both highly recommend your services and your tour. It was wonderful. Regards, Kevin & Monique S. (July 11) Ontario Canada

Nicholas, We had such a great time, thank you. We will definitely pass along your name to our friends that you are the guy to get in touch with for Rhodes. We wish you much luck and business. Regards, The Cushners (July 7) British Columbia Canada

Hi Nicholas, Thanks, we had a great time. Laura and I both thought our Rhodes tour was one of the best of our entire trip. Let me know if I can provide a review or recommendation to anyone. Thanks, Larry & Laura (June 16) Albuquerque, N.M.

Hi Nicholas, Kim and I had a great ride to the airport with you but we had a fabulous two days with Michael touring around the island. Michael was fun and informative, giving us options as we went along to go with our interests. He really made sure that the time we spent with him was packed full of the sights, history and legends of Rhodes. Michael never rushed us but offered his opinion when asked for what we should see. We got much more than we had planned and really appreciate his expertise as well as his excellent driving skills. Michael was always on time or a little early for our appointed meetings and knew all of the good lookout points for photographs. When he took us on a short trip to Ialyssos and the Monastery of Filerimos, he suggested a short stop at the Acropolis of Rhodes, telling us of the acoustics of the theater. It was amazing! And because he brought us there early, we were totally alone. Rhodes is a beautiful island and we enjoyed getting a taste of the countryside and small towns. We loved climbing to the castles, not as difficult as the guidebooks indicate. Our first glimpse of the D'Amboise Gate was one I will never forget. A very grateful thank you from Kim and Becky to Michael and Nicholas and to George in Athens who recommended this company. We had a wonderful time. Thanks for the memories. Kim and Becky (May 12) Tucson, Arizona

Hello Nick, We are home now and had a very enjoyable holiday and trip. Thank you for the tour which you gave us, it was really enjoyed by us all and especially in view of Bruce's disability worked really well for us and was one of the highlights of the trip. We appreciated the knowledge and information, which you have of the area and also the meal at the local restaurant, which you took us to. We would be happy to recommend your services and tours to anyone heading over your way. Hope that the season is going well for you. Thanks, and all the best. Bill, Christine, Bruce and Maureen (April23) New Zealand
