---
title: '2012'
position: 11
year: 2012
---

My wife and I enjoyed a 4-hour 1/2-day tour of Rhodes with Nick last week. Nick was very reliable, informative, and flexible with our schedule. Our tour covered every important site we wanted to visit, including Lindos. We recommend Nick. Price for tour was about 80 Euros more than Cruise Line offered. If there were two couples, it would have been less expensive than the cruise line tour which we learned was very poorly done and very little information imparted. R. Schwartz, MD, (Oct 28) Vienna, VA

Hi, Nicholas! We had such a good time with you. A friend of ours was just here. She was on Oceanic Cruise Lines while we were on the Symphony and we were on the Amalfi Coast on the same day but didn't see each other. Actually, her ship had to dock in Naples instead of Positano. Anyhow, I was telling her about our day with you and with Dimitris on Santorini. Both of you were great. Thank you so much for a wonderful day. We love the way you eat! I told you I was a travel agent for 40 years so if any of my friends in the business need a contact for Rhodes, you are it. Best wishes to you and your family, and thanks again. When I'm back to normal I'll email a few photos to you. Debra (Oct 20) New Orleans, La.

My husband and I had a great day's tour with Nicholas. He picked us up from our hotel in the old town, not easy as it's practically a pedestrianized zone, made sure we saw what we wanted to see, rather than taking us on a predetermined route and helped us to find things we'd never have found on our own. We particularly appreciated being left at the top of the Valley of the Butterflies so we could walk down and meet at the bottom, rather than having to start at the bottom walk up and then back down again. A thoroughly enjoyable day with interesting chat about what is currently happening in Greece.  Thank you Diana (Oct 15) Alberta Canada

Nicholas tailored our 5 hours together to our interests and was faithful to the ship's schedule. He took us to locations on Rhodes that the tour buses can't (don't) go which reflected the beauty of the island. Lunch was at a uncrowded location alongside a bay with excellent food and service. We covered all sections of Rhodes in a comfortable Mercedes sedan. We enjoyed his company and got to know him (and he us) personally. Highly recommend. Stuart R.  (Oct 6) San Francisco, Calif.

We had an incredible experience in Rhodes. MIchael was great and took us in a short time to many beautiful sites. We definitely recommend Nicholas company in Rhodes! Sara (Sept 20) London UK

We first contacted Nicholas when we decided to spend a day in a Lindos resort, we were just looking for a car service to take us from the pier to the resort. Nicholas suggested a short tour prior to going to the resort, we are so glad he did! We were picked up by Stamos who was such a pleasure to be with, he was so passionate and proud to show us his beautiful island of Rhodes. I had no idea of how beautiful this island was, he took us to many places in that short time. We even went to a ceramic factory where we watched them make something, we were able to purchase a few items which I can't wait to use! We were picked up promptly and taken back to the pier, Stamos was still showing us sites on our way back! We couldn't have been happier, the day was spectacular thanks to Nicolas, Stamos and Rhodes Private Tours! I would recommend them to all my friends and clients!  Joanne S. (Sept 15) Northern NJ

Thank you so much for the excellent service provided by Michael. I'll be sure to write a review and will pass your name along to our friends. All the best, Jan G. (Sept 7) Los Angeles, California

We booked a half day tour with Nicholas before we left Australia. The booking was handled very professionally and the arrangements for meeting the cruise ship and collecting us from the wharf went without a hitch. Our driver was Michael (a former Australian citizen) and he gave us a wonderful tour of the island and all the highlights and took us to a very good restaurant for lunch before returning us to the ship. We would highly recommend this service. S & D (Aug 8) Perth AU

Dear Nick. We just arrived back after a wonderful holiday and thank you for being a wonderful driver for 2 full days doing the East and West coast of Rhodes. We thoroughly enjoyed your country and your attentive and knowledgeable service. We saw so much and learned a lot about the island and its rich history. We also experienced some lovely food in interesting spots. Once again many thanks Dr. Mohan and Dr. Sumi and Tamara (July 23) UK

Bonjour Nicolas. Nous avons été absolument ravis de notre visite à Rhodes. Votre service était impeccable et les chauffeurs très professionnels et sympathique. Nous reviendrons sur Rhodes pour visiter toutes les richesse de votre île merveilleuse. Encore un grande merci pour ces moment inoubliables. Cordialement Christelle (July 17) Quebec Canada

HI, Nick and Dominic, We enjoyed our tour of Rhodes -- personal service, professional in every way, and great information on Rhodes, past and present. The car was perfect for a hot day and sure beat the buses on the cruise excursions. Our tour group included an 82-year woman who had some limitations on her ability to climb steps or ride the donkeys to Lindos - a must do for everyone visiting Rhodes -- but Dominic found a way to get her to town where she could shop while we saw the ruins. Dominic, thank you for a great visit. We will certainly share your name with friends who are travelling to your wonderful island. Thank you! Sally Q. (June 19) Arlington, Virginia PS: loved the oranges from your grove. thank you.

Hello Nick, we made it home safely and with lots of wonderful memories and photos to share. Our day in Rhodes with you is a highlight of our Mediterranean vacation. Thanks again for providing us with such a wonderful tour. Your well thought out itinerary of our day in Rhodes left no sight unseen. We especially enjoyed the historical notes you provided, and were very impressed with your knowledge and insight. Lunch at Argo was exactly what one would expect to find in Greece, very delicious food in a perfect setting; a definite five-star restaurant. We had a fabulous time and are so looking forward to another visit. Thanks again, Kelli & Bob R, Teri & Gary N. (June 14) Chicago, Ill. USA

Hi Nicholas, Thank you for a wonderful tour of Rhodes with your brother Michael! Lel and I really enjoyed it! Hopefully I will make it back in the not so distant future. Best of luck to you. Warm Regards, Stephen (May 16) Manitoba Canada

Dear Nicholas: We had a pleas ant journey back home except for a bit of wind on our last day, but we survived. We all want to say thank you for your help and assistance and all the useful tips and information. We all had a wonderful time on your fantastic Island of Rhodes, thanks to you. We still talk about it and we are always telling our friends what a great time we had. We all hope to come again to Rhodes and spend more days, and we will look forward to seeing you again. We are recommending you and your excellent service to all our friends and family. Take care, and the best of Luck in your business for the future. Best regards Dominic (April 10) Malta. Gozo
