---
title: '2013'
position: 10
year: 2013
---

Nicholas took my daughter and me on a great day tour in Rhodes. He had carefully planned every detail of the tour to account for the weather, the non-tour season, and the length of time we had. He seemed like a friend by the end of the tour!! Mary D. (Nov 20th) Detroit, Mich. USA

Dear Nicholas, Thank you! We had such a nice trip because of you. I will be telling everyone I know about your great service! We wish you a great season All the best, Kendra (Oct 25th) Chicago, Ill.  USA

Hello Nicholas! We are back in not so warm or sunny London after our few days in Athens. We certainly missed having you help us out in Athens but had a great time anyways. Meeting you was a great experience and we look forward to seeing you again next year! We will certainly recommend you to all my friends when they want to go to Rhodes! I told my husband that out of all the tours we have ever done that yours was the best! Your generosity and tips were much appreciated. Take care and know if you are ever in London you and your family have a place to stay! Cheers! Lisa, Samantha, and Patrick (Sept 28) London UK

We loved our tour with Michael! Very knowledgeable and great company for the day. We had a relaxing time, and got to see all the sights outside of Rhodes Town. Make sure you include lunch at a great taverna - Elena's. We also had them do our airport transfers, which was punctual and easy too! Thanks guys! Karen T. (Sept 14) Milwaukee, Wis. USA

Nicholas, Excellent tour, Stathis is a pro, will recommend, thanks for your services, best Fernando L. (Sept 6) Mexico

Nicholas, we had a great time, Manuel was most informed and helpful. Thank you for the excellent service and hope to see you in the future. Bob L. and fellow travelers (Aug 20) Kansas City, Mo. USA

Nicholas thank you. We had a great trip and Michael (your brother) made our visit to Rhodes memorable. I will be posting a great review on Trip Advisor. Please give Michael our regards.  Celeste H. Herbert, Esq. (Aug 16) Newfoundland and Labrador Canada

Hi Nicholas. Just wanted to thank you for a lovely day of touring in Rhodes. Andrew was a terrific tour driver and we would recommend him highly to anyone. He was extremely accommodating, polite and friendly. He had a great sense of humor and was quite knowledgeable. We will be happy to give your name to our friends and hope to visit your country again in the near future. Sincerely, Sandy K and Mark L (July 21) Brisbane AU

Dear Nicholas, we very much enjoyed Rhodes - Mike was a wonderful tour driver! The little side trip to Anthony Quinn's bay was one of the highlights of our trip! We will post very favorable comments on Trip Advisor as soon as we get over jet lag. Thank you again, Kathryn H. (July 10) Arlington, Texas

Hello Nicholas; It was our pleasure to meet you at the start of our tour. Manuel did a SUPERB job on showing and explaining the very best. A soon as we "catch up" with ourselves, I will post a statement on TripAdvisor telling how please we were with your service Our best regards Robert, Lois, Cathy and Richard (July 5) Tucson, Arizona

Hi Nicholas. We are home, with great memories of our trip. One of our best tours was with Dominic and Michael. They truly presented Rhodes at its best. If we come back, we will definitely be in touch. Thank you, Judith (June 18) New Jersey USA

Hi Nicholas, we arrived home after our 3-week vacation and just wanted to let you know how much we enjoyed our tour of Rhodes with you. Maybe one day we will make it back to your wonderful island. Take care and thanks again. Sincerely, David and Wendy Z. (June 12) Las Vegas, Josh and Lisa Portland Maine

Dear Nicholas & Michael, Thank you so much for a memorable trip to Rhodes. Michael was able to show us everything and made it special for us. We were very comfortable and well taken care of. Michael made us feel special.  Photos to follow. Plan on commenting on Trip Advisor as soon as we can get to if. It is difficult getting back to normal life & work after such a beautiful vacation. Michael still said he is better looking than you..Ha, Ha, Ha. Thand you again Nancy & Richie C. Ray & Ruth B. (May 10) Virginia Beach, Va.

I wanted you to know the tour today was FANTASTIC! Thank you and thanks Sergio our driver, I will be in touch! Mindy A. Cruises Plus - Just Go Away - (April 15) Huntingdon Valley, PA

Dear Nicholas, We had a wonderful day with Manuel. He was absolutely terrific and I plan to write a recommendation on Trip Advisor as soon as I get unpacked and catch up a bit. I will not hesitate to recommend your company to friends. Best regards, Louise P. (April 8) Minneapolis
