---
title: '2014'
position: 9
year: 2014
---

Hi Nicholas<br>We enjoyed the tour of Rhodes very much. Thanks for showing us around your special island home. I've just this morning unpacked the pottery and they survived unscathed. No breakages thank goodness. If we come back to Rhodes, we'll be sure to look you up again.  Thank once again. Regards Marilyn and Peter (Nov 25th) Seattle, Washington

My mom and I booked an all-day tour, which included the "Best of Rhodes" highlights and a fabulous lunch at a traditional restaurant before making our way back across the island on a wonderful scenic route. Our private tour was the highlight of our trip, and I would not hesitate to book again with Nicholas. It was a comfortable, enjoyable experience from start to finish and we were valued as people and treated as close friends, ...so I am saving now for my next visit! Thank you Margaret G (Oct 20th) Boston, Mass.

Nicholas, we had the best time on your beautiful island of Rhodes! Yannis was outstanding. I will put a great review on trip advisor this weekend. Best, Debbie (Oct8th) New Jersey USA

Hi Nicholas, we really enjoyed our tour with John! I will do a trip advisor review when we get home. Thanks for the service Cathy S. (Sept 19th) New Brunswick Canada

Nicholas, Thanks for a great day. The itinerary was very good and the restaurant, excellent!! Regards, Tom and Jan A. (Sept 12th) Yukon Canada

Hi Nicholas and Mike, Thank you for your services. Mike gave us a wonderful tour of Rhodes, and we had a great time and learned a lot about this beautiful island.  All the best, Sally (Aug 16th) Wollongong AU

Thanks Nicholas. We very much enjoyed our tour with Stathis and will recommend your service (and Stathis) to our friends and on TripAdvisor.  Stathis was just the right guide for us, allowing plenty of time to look at the sites and his information on Rhodes was very interesting. We also enjoyed eating lunch at the restaurant that he recommended.  We hope you have a great year ahead. Best Wishes  Mike and Barbara (Aug 4th) Sydney, Australia

We had the best vacation! WE love Greece! Thank you for sharing your wonderful country with us. Lots of history and beauty. May you have a wonderful summer months. Take care. Carolyn and Richard R. (July 18th) Oakland, Calif

Hi Nick, thank you very much, and you are right we enjoyed out Rhodes tour very much. You guys give excellent service. we are so lucky, especially to have Dominick as our driver. He went out of his way to make us informed, comfortable and happy.  I will definitely recommend you to all our friends and family if ever they are going your way.  Aloha, Elvie (July 5th) Hawaii,

Hi Nicholas, we are now back in Australia after our whirlwind trip. Of course, one of the highlights was our day spent with you! I have written a very favorable review on Trip Advisor which I hope helps your business to prosper!  You live in a beautiful part of the world & I hope we get to return in the not too distant future to spend more time!  The lunch at the restaurant you recommended was fantastic & it was nice to also support a lovely family.  Thank you so much & I hope we meet again!  Best Regards,  Paul G (June 28th) AU

Dear Nicholas, just a note to say how much we enjoyed our tour today. Michael was a perfect driver and we would be happy to recommend him any time. We loved your island and Michael really new it's history and could answer all our questions in good English. Thank you again for today Best wishes Alison and Neil M (June 19th) Tulsa, Oakland USA

Nicholas, we’re still in recovery mode from our cruise, but we all enjoyed our visit with you and Stathis while we were in Rhodes. I still intend on placing a review on Trip Advisor when I get a chance. I hope your business is picking up this summer and look forward to visiting with you again sometime in the future. Roger (May15th) San Diego, California

Nicholas, Manuel did an outstanding job...we had a very enjoyable day. He was professional, pleasant to be with and very knowledgeable...overall an excellent job.  I just completed a TripAdvisor review giving you an excellent rating.  Thanks Again, Dean (May 5th) British Columbia Canada

Hi Nicholas, we are finally home after a wonderful trip to Greece and Turkey.  The tour you provided for us in Rhodes on May, was outstanding!! You were able to customize it to meet our needs and limitations. You obviously have a great knowledge and love of/for Rhodes and we would love to tour with you if we are ever back. There is a lot more to see in Rhodes. Regards, Rosa (May 3rd) New York USA