---
title: '2015'
position: 8
year: 2015
---

Dear Nicholas, it was our first visit to Rhodes and we are more convinced about here beauties and rich history as before, but mainly thanks to the professional knowledge, the clear and informative presentation on a pleasant and humoristic way by your brother Michael. Thanks very much. Gerrit (Nov 27th) Washington, DC

Hi Nicholas, our experience with you, your drivers and your lovely island were a highlight of our cruise. Thank you very much for taking such good care of us. Our lunch stop was perfect. We will all recommend you to our friends. Paula (Nov 2nd) Prince Edward Island Canada

Thanks Nicholas. We enjoyed the tour and appreciated your great care of our group. Regards, Ron (Nov 1st) Fresno, California

Hi Nicholas, thank you we had a great time. Your drivers were great looked after as well, always driving safely and informative. Dion (Oct 13th) Nunavut Canada

Nicholas, I just wanted to say Thanks - we had a great day in Rhodes. All three drivers were fantastic! We all appreciated seeing your cars there when we got off the ship, and they brought all of us back with no issues. Thanks, Brian (Oct 14th) Los Angeles

Thank you, Nicholas, - we had a great time with Dominic. We will certainly recommend your tours. Of all the islands we visited, my wife and I both agree that Rhodes is the one we would love to come back to for an extended stay. All the best, Doug and Ramona (Oct 10th) New Brunswick Canada

Hi Nicholas, thank you for your great service and educational narration in showing us Rhodes, I will get my other friend to contact you as they will be visiting Rhodes next year in April on cruise too. Thanks again for everything. Marie W. (Oct 2nd) Quebec Canada

Dear Nicholas, we have only just returned home after a wonderful trip to Turkey & Greece. One of the highlights we had was seeing the lovely island of Rhodes and although it would still have been beautiful, the tour we did with Yannis, made it all the more special. He brought new ideas and thoughts to our discussions and we found that very interesting - not just a 'tour driver'.  If any of our friends, which some do, are going to Rhodes, we will be more than happy to recommend your services to them.  Thank you again and we will remember Rhodes with much fondness. Regards Gayle H. (Sept 23rd) Long Beach, Calif.

Nicholas, we enjoyed ourselves very much and Yannis was wonderful. You have a beautiful country and island. We hope to come back! Sincerely, Pam (Sept 20th) Ontario Canada

Hi Nicholas, we just returned home yesterday. We had a great time in Rhodes and we enjoyed the tour with Michael and thanks to him, we took the donkey ride to Acropolis of Lindos, which my son had a kick out of it:)) In a few days I’ll try to get on Trip advisor and review the tour, this way other travelers find out about you and the good services you have to offer.  Regards, Marcela (Sept 4th) UK

Dear Nicholas: You gave Pamela and me a great tour of Rhodes and I'll post a highly favorable review of your services on TripAdvisor. I wish you the very best and please stay in touch. Clif C (Aug 27th) Sunshine Coast AU

Nicholas, my husband and I had the pleasure of taking a tour with Stergos on August. Of all the places we visited on our honeymoon (various throughout Greece & Turkey), we both agreed that Rhodes was our favorite, and a large part of that was because of Stergos and his wonderful tour. We felt so lucky to have had a chance to explore your beautiful island with such a knowledgeable and friendly driver! Thank you!  Kate & George (Aug 19th) New Brunswick Canada

Hi Nicholas, Thank you so much for the tour. We had a fabulous day!!!! You were our favorite driver of all our stops. Regards Deborah (Aug 16th) New York USA

Hi Nicholas, we loved our day with Michael on your beautiful island and hope to return some day. Thank you for making it special! Bridget (Aug 13th) Jacksonville, Fla.

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for our wonderful tour of Rhodes! You made our exploration of Rhodes so exciting, filled with history and scenic details! I never knew I'd like Rhodes so much! This was all because of your wonderful tour for Clifton and myself. We'd love to recommend you to anyone traveling to Rhodes. Thank you and best wishes to you and your family, Pamela H (Aug 3rd) Los Angeles, Calif. USA

Dear Nicholas, We have arrived safely back in the Cayman Islands but not without wonderful memories of our holiday in Greece, and Rhodes in particular. We had a marvelous time and we are all resolved to visit again. It was a pleasure to meet you and we want to thank you for showing us around on our tour - we have some great photos to remind us of a lovely day. Best regards Michael and Joan A. (Aug 2nd) Cayman Islands

Hey Nicholas, Thanks you so much for organizing the tour for us, my mother and I had a lovely time with Michael he was amazing. I very much enjoyed my first time on Rhodes and will definitely be coming back. All the best to you and Michael Nikki (July 17th) Alberta Canada

Thank you for a wonderful day - don't forget to check trip advisor - I gave you a wonderful review! All the best, Kathy (June 27th) San Jose

Nicholas thank you and Stathis for making our visit so memorable. We had a wonderful time and are definitely planning on returning to your islands when we can stay longer. Stathis was a gracious, knowledgeable driver who we very much enjoyed meeting. I will recommend your service to all planning a trip to Rhodes. Wishing all of you, health and happiness. Tracey and Sidney (June 26th) Townsville AU

Thank you very much, Nicholas. Your drivers were excellent. They made our short stay on your beautiful island very memorable. We will call you next time we are in Rhodes. Thanks again, Brent (May 26th) Manitoba Canada

Nicholas, we had a great day and are exhausted! Michael was such a great host and made seeing multiple sights easy. We loved the restaurant! Thanks!  Connie (May 1April5th) Darwin AU

Hi Nicholas, the tour was fantastic and Michael was a great and very knowledgeable driver. We will definitely be recommending the tour to friends and family who visit Rhodes in the future. Kind Regards Jaspal S. (April 10th) Columbus, Ohio

Dear Nicholas, thank you for arranging Augustis and Dominic to be our tour/drivers. I rode in car driven by Augustis and he was really good as a knowledgeable driver. Will recommend my friends to you if they are visiting beautiful Rhodes. Regards Kenny (April 4th) Nova Scotia. Canada
