---
title: '2016'
position: 7
year: 2016
---

Hi Michael! Thank you so much we had a blast! I'm going to write a review on trip advisor in the next couple of days! Zoe (Oct 16th) Perth AU

Nicholas, it was a pleasure meeting you and Michael. Michael was a fantastic driver and really made our time on your lovely island fantastic. We sincerely appreciate yours and Michael's hospitality. Hopefully we will be able to return to Rhodes again soon to see our new family. Many thanks Kristi (Oct 14th) Sunshine Coast AU

Thanks for the excellent tour. Manuel is a great driver and a very nice person. Rosemary M. (Oct 12th) Nova Scotia Ca

Nicholas and his associate promptly greeted us and took us on a wonderful tour of Rhodes. We covered quite a bit of ground in the seven hours we requested. Great service, always willing to adjust as we desired. We had lunch at an amazing seafood restaurant right on the sea with no tourists (except us!). I would certainly recommend Nicholas and associates for your small group tour on Rhodes. Bob (Oct 4th) British Columbia AU

Nicholas, Thank you! We had a great time in Rhodes. We wished we could have stayed longer. Thank you again to Manuel. He did a such a great job. Michelle E (Sept 25th) Boston, Mass. USA

Nick, Thank you very much for a wonderful time! Sonja N. (Sept 23rd) New Brunswick AU

Thanks Nicholas. Great tour and much appreciated!! Regards Graham N (Sept 15th) Seattle, Wash. USA

Hello Nicholas, I have reviewed out Rhodes tour on TripAdvisor. Dominic was a great tour-driver. We had the best time with him. He really catered to all of our needs. Thank you for a great day! Jerri B. (Sept 3rd) Manitoba Canada

Thanks, Nicholas, for the great visit. You guys really know your Island very well.  Best regards and wishes for continued success. Jack S. (Sept 2nd) Yukon Canada

Nicholas, just wanted to thank you for such a great experience last week. Dominick was fantastic!!!  Thanks. Nachum and Alta (Aug 31st) UK

Hi Nick, Thank you for a wonderful tour of Rhodes We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves :) Debbie Z. (Aug 22nd) Nunavut Canada

Hi Nicholas, thanks again for your expertise on Rhodes! Kind regards, Lucy (Aug 12th) San Francisco USA

Hello, Me and my family thoroughly enjoyed our day with Michael. We loved that Michael was from Rhodes and was able to answer all our questions. The sights were beautiful! I recommend that everyone do the donkey ride at Lindos to the Acropolis. We had one of the best lunches ever at Argo restaurant. The location and people couldn't be any better. Thanks for a memorable time! Joel G. (Aug 7th) Las Vegas, Nev. USA

Nicholas thank you. I have to say that Manuel was a perfect guide and we enjoyed very much the day. I hope to come again. Best regards Piera B (6th Aug) Milano Italy

Hi Nicholas, it was my luck to have found your service thru the internet. Your tour drivers were very commendable; prompt, friendly and knowledgeable. Thank you too, for taking time to meet us along the way. My family loved your island, if we could just have extended our stay. But no, we were on a cruise! Rest assure that we will recommend your service company to family/friends who would travel to your place in the future. Many thanks again, Corazon Z. (Aug 1st) Brampton City, Ontario Canada

Nicholas, we loved our tour thank you. Mike was fantastic. He gave us a most informative tour and was an excellent driver. Kind regards Jane (July 25th) Northwest Territories Canada

Nicholas, please send our thanks to Manuel for a great day out. We had a great time and for sure Rhodes is one place we would love to return to one day. Lunch was fantastic in a beautiful location, please send our thanks to all at the bar. Thanks again for a great trip Best wishes from John and Kath. (July 24th) Brisbane AU

Hi! Thank you for the nice trip! I was wondering where i can leave a review? If you are on TripAdvisor, what is your listing name there? Best regards Remi M. (July 24th) Rome Italy

Thanks, Nick. We had a great day in Rhodes. I just finished a TripAdvisor review of the tour so it should be posted soon. I will definitely recommend you to anyone I know coming to Rhodes. Please thank Sergio and send him our regards. Leighann (July 23rd) British Columbia Canada

Nicholas, Thank you so much. We had a wonderful day! wrote up a nice review on TripAdvisor, reflective of our great day!  Betsy B. (July 23rd) Darwin AU

Nicholas, Thank you. We truly enjoyed touring your beautiful city. We will be sure to recommend your tour service. Susie (July 22nd) Denver, Colo. USA

Dear Nicholas, we had the most wonderful day with Michael your brother. Our daughter wasn’t well and he was so patient which was greatly appreciated. He also recommended restaurants to us – we went to two which were both terrific. Hope you have a busy and successful season. Kind regards Rene D (July 11th) UK

Thank you, the wine tour It was so much fun!!. Beth (July 4th) Newcastle AU

Hi Nicholas & Mike, We loved our day trip in Rhodes, it was truly wonderful. Thanks for looking after us. You have a beautiful country & we look forward to returning someday.  Regards Michael B. (July 3rd) Austin, Tex. USA

Dear Nicholas, Thank you for your nice service. Our group is very happy during visit Rhodes. I like Rhodes very much especially swimming at St. Paul Bay. We enjoy shopping in the old town buying table cloths stuff. If anyone go Rhodes, I will recommend your service. Indeed, it ' s very well- organized and professional. Thanks so much. Abhisra (July 1st) Tel Aviv Israel

Thanks Nicholas and Mike, we all had a great day out on our tour of Rhodes. Neil R. (July 1st) Portland, Ore. USA

Hi Nicholas, my son and his wife Juliana loved the tour, I have just reviewed on trip advisor. I'll wait till the honeymooners get home and will add photos. Thank you again for looking after them. Regards- Donna (June 27th) Phoenix, Ariz. USA

Nicholas, the tour, your brother Michael, the food was all fantastic. Thank you Nisha (June 15th) UK

Hi Nicholas, we had a wonderful time with our tour and our driver Stathis.  We saw so much! Service and communication was great! Thanks again! Gail, Brad and Andrew. (May 29th) USA

Dear Nicholas and Michael, We really enjoyed the tour with Michael where we explored very nice spots of Rhodos. It was nice to have the detailed explanation on all our questions and we saw many nice things! Thanks again and all the best to all of you! Best regards, Claudie (May 28th) Belgium

Hello Nicholas & Sergio, we had a wonderful time with you at Rhodes & Lindos. I will definitely post a good review on TripAdvisor. Have a wonderful weekend! Sincerely Nina T. (May21st) Philippines

Hello Nicholas, Thanks again and maybe we will meet again one day as I have told everyone that Rhodes was our favorite stop in all of Greece and would love to be able to return there one day. Kind regards, Tracy & Colin (May 20th) Albuquerque, N.M. USA
