---
title: '2017'
position: 6
year: 2017
---

THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!we loved our tour and Sergio was wonderful thanks for making my birthday so special. love your city and all the wonderful people we met. will leave you review on TripAdvisor all are great.  Thank you Sally (Dec 14th) UK

Hi Nicholas: We loved the tour and the island of Rhodes. thanks so much!!  Kathie & Mike (Nov 25th) Seattle, Washington

Hi Nicholas, We had a wonderful time!! Lindos was magical and so worth the drive. I left a really positive review on Trip Advisor. Thank you Melinda (Nov 20th) Memphis, Tennessee

Nicholas, just a quick note to say “thanks” to Michael for our tour. Despite the weather, Michael did a great job at endeavoring to make sure we got the most out of our tour.  Thanks again.  Renate (Nov 18th) Oklahoma City

Nicholas - Our day in Rhodes was amazing and we thank you for your thorough tour, highlighting the Jewish sites. I have already begun researching and writing my next novel, and the story will include your beautiful island and its history. All the best, Deby Eisenberg, Author of Protecting Paige & Pictures of the Past

Nick is a wonderful tour/driver. He is extremely knowledgeable about the island of Rhodes. He is personable and has a great sense of humor. His car is comfortable and in immaculate condition. We had a great all-day tour and stopped at very interesting sites. If I ever return to Rhodes, I would use him again. Steve (Nov 16th) Milwaukee, Wis.

We had an awesome trip to Greece and especially Rhodes. Sergio gave us a fantastic tour of the island. He also made sure that my birthday was special. I will give Sergio and your company great reviews on Trip Advisor.  Robert and Dawn (Oct 29th) London UK

Hi Nicholas, our trip to Rhodes was just perfect. I had been there before, but I enjoyed this time so much more. LOVED going to the Acropolis and spending more time in the Old Town. Just a perfect day! Thank you so much! Carol Z. (Oct 28th) Amsterdam NL

Hello Nicholas, thank you very much for the follow up. We all had an amazing time and your drivers were fantastic!!! I will absolutely recommend you any future travelers. My husband and I hope to return again one day and would like to spend more time in Lindos. Have a great day! Janet (Oct 24th) Omaha, Nebraska

Nicholas thank you!!! What an amazing and perfect day! You and Dominic exceeded our expectations. Our memories of Rhodes and our time with you will be treasured. We are already talking about when we can come back to Rhodes! Thank you again Jennifer and Robert L. (Oct 20th) Raleigh, N.C.

Email contact was responded to immediately, and nothing went astray. The tour of the island with insight, patience, and a willingness to share observations about the places visited and the lives of people, past, present and future. Much more than a driving tour service! Lindsay F. (Oct 18th) San Diego, Calif.

Hello Nicholas and Manuel, Thank you for making our short visit to your beautiful island a memorable one. Manuel was very friendly and gave us an insight of Rhodes and the life here. We wish we had more time to spend here and hope to return one day. We would recommend your services to whosoever is interested in a private tour. Cheers to both of you. Nita & Deepak P (Oct 14th) UK

While in port, took a half day tour of Rhodes with Rhodes Shore Excursions. Nicholas was easy to work with and book before arriving in port. Our driver, Manuel, was prompt, courteous, and knowledgeable. He took us to interesting places and sights on a half day tour of Rhodes and a fantastic restaurant on the water. Best tour value of my cruise. James G. (Oct 11th) Baltimore, Md.

Hi Nicholas, we enjoyed our tour so much. We really appreciated Giannis. He loves Rhodes and now we do too, Giannis was so knowledgeable. If we get back to Rhodes again, we would request another tour with him. Thank you! Denise (Oct 5th) Louisville-Jefferson County

Nick: Thank you! We had such an amazing day with Manuel - what a wonderful driver and human being! Rhodes was my personal favorite port on our cruise.  Marilyn B. (Sept 22nd) Wichita, Kansas

Domenico was a FANTASTIC driver!! He was pleasant, knowledgeable and SO helpful. I will certainly recommend your service to friends and family Thank you SO much!!!  Anne (Sept 16th) Mexico

We made all our reservations for this tour on-line and the process was handled perfectly with no problems whatsoever. When we arrived in port we were greeted by our driver for the day, Sergio. Sergio was very knowledgeable about the island and the sites we were seeing during the tour.. We also asked him to take us someplace for lunch and his choice did not disappoint. He took us to a quiet little seafood restaurant right on the water where the food was fantastic and the ambiance even better. If you have Rhodes as one of your ports of call on a Mediterranean Cruise then you can't go wrong with booking your private tour with Nicholas A. Rhodes, at RhodesPrivateTours.com  Linda M (Sept 10th) Long Beach, California

Dear Nicholas, we had a great tour with Dominic. Our thanks to him and to you for your care and organization. I have just posted a review on trip advisor. Philip N. (Sept 9th) Los Angeles, California

What a wonderful tour -- we thank you and Emmanuel so much!. All best wishes.  Jim B.  (Sept 4th) New York USA

Nicholas, We had a great time thank you, and Kostas was amazing - we will definitely use you again! Gail (Aug 27th) Fort Worth, Texas

Thank you. Manuel was a great driver – knowledgeable, helpful, and full of information. I referred a Genev. Davis to you during our trip. She booked a tour and thoroughly enjoyed her day on Rhodes with her husband as well. Thank you for sharing your island with us. Chris A. (Aug 18th) Austin, Tex.

Dear Nicholas, thank you for organizing such a great tour for us. Manuel looked after us so well and we learned and saw much more than we had expected. We have written a review on TripAdvisor, which we hope will have a positive effect on your business. Thank you again for helping to make our honeymoon so memorable Kind regards, Barry & Rachel (Aug 7th) Louisville-Jefferson

We toured the full island with Nicholas. He was an excellent tour/driver. All of the stops were interesting including a local authentic pottery maker and an excellent seaside cafe at an uncrowded beach with a unique fried feta cheese in phyllo dredged in sweet honey and balsamic vinegar. This tour was an excellent way to see the sites as well as the full island. Bruce (Aug 2nd) Milwaukee, Wis.

Hi Nicholas, Thank you for the wonderful day in Rhodos!! We had a fabulous time with Sergio as our driver. He picked us up right from the cruise port and showed us around. He was so enthusiastic it was great! He stopped at vista points and even took our photos like a professional. Thank you, Nicholas and Sergio for an unforgettable tour!  Michael R (July 31st) New Jersey USA

Kalispera Nicholas and Stathis!, We enjoyed our day with Stathis and the remainder of our trip, as well. I'm attaching a photo of Stathis with our sons at a bakery where we picked up some delicious baklava. Efcharisto for a wonderful day and dessert, as well! Virginia T. & family (July 17th) Cleveland, Ohio

We had a wonderful time in Rhodes. We enjoyed every minute with Manuel. The lunch was great with a fantastic view and a great swim afterwards. We will not be back in the states for almost 2 weeks but will be sure to review when we get back. Thank you for everything. Donna (July 10th) Sacramento, California

Thanks Nicholas. We enjoyed our tour of Rhodes very much. Michael was excellent.  Sharon (July 6th) Plymouth UK

We have returned home now, but our memories of Rhodes will always be with us! I just submitted a very favorable review on TripAdvisor. Manuel is a fantastic asset to your team. He is very knowledgeable and passionate about Rhodes, and it shows through in his tours! Thank you again for a wonderful day in Rhodes! Sincerely, Angela (June 28th) Miami, Fla.

Thank you, Nicholas. We enjoyed the tour of Rhodes that you gave us. Best regards. Katherine (June 27th) New York USA

We had a great time and our driver was fantastic. We saw so much and hope to go back to Rhodes someday to see more of this beautiful island.  Tony, Sallyanne, Daniel and Rachel (June 24th) Milwaukee, Wis.

Dear Nicholas: Been very busy since returning from our trip. Nonetheless, wanted to thank Michael and You for a wonderful experience on Rhodes. We were extremely happy with Michael and felt the tour was very rewarding. Rhodes was our favorite Greek Island. Thanks so much for making it memorable. Jerry W.  (June 23rd) Chicago, Illinois

Thank you, we thoroughly enjoyed the tour and had such a great time. Melinda Wang (June 20th) Singapore

Hi Nicholas: We are home and still getting settled in from our trip. I will write a trip advisor review first chance I get but my family and I wanted to tell you how much we thoroughly enjoy our time in Rhodes and Manuel was the perfect driver for us. We arranged private tours in many of the cities in Greece but this tour was by far our favorite. Thank you. Carolyn B. (June 16th) Philadelphia, Pa.

Nicholas, It was a pleasure meeting you as well. We loved our tour with Michael and will review on trip advisor when we get home. This was my husband’s favorite tour!! Kind regards Kim (June 16th) Memphis, Tenn.

Dear Nicholas, it was a pleasure meeting you and Mike this morning. We enjoyed our tour very much and Mike did a fantastic job of giving us lots of information, taking us to beautiful spots, and was very responsive to our requests. As soon as I get back home I will write a review on TripAdvisor, and I will most definitely recommend your services to other people. Thanks again, and kind regards. Zvi (June 15th) Wichita, Kans.

Hi, Thank you Michael for the great day. We did write a Trip Advisor review that should be posted soon. Sue and Don (June 14th) Sidney AU

We had a fabulous vacation and our tour with Mike and your service was one of our favorite days. Thanks for making it memorable. Christine (June 12th) London UK

Nicholas, Thank You! Dominic was fantastic. We were on 9 different tours on our trip through Italy and Greece. Dominic was our absolute favorite. We so appreciate his kindness and particularly the memories he provided for my mother and daughters. You will be hearing from my friend Jill who is traveling to Greece in the near future. Again, deepest thanks to you and Dominic. Cheryl T. (June 12th) Kansas City, Mo.

Kostas was a great guide and enjoyed by all 6 people in the group. I would highly recommend him to anyone visiting Rhodes. Jim G. (June 5th) Alberta Canada

Hi Nicholas/ Michael, I just wanted to thank you for a wonderful morning. You and Michael were extremely professional and understanding. Michael demonstrated amazing knowledge of the area and was ever so patient and considerate. Should we return to Rhodes we will be in touch again. Regards, Michelle (June 3rd) Colorado Springs USA

Hi Nicholas, we had a great time in Rhodes and really enjoyed our wine tour. Manuel was great and we would definitely recommend your service to others. Thank you! Sara (June 1st) Southampton UK

Hi Nicholas, we had a very enjoyable trip with Manuel and Michael. We are still in Italy on holiday. Will send a review to trip advisor when we get home.  Thanks  Keith (May 26th) Phoenix, Arizona

Dear Nicholas, thank you for the wonderful excursion trip in Rhodes We all enjoyed the day immensely. The rest of our island trips has been wonderful but no service comparable to yours. Thanks again, we will post wonderful comments on trip advisor upon our return. Best wishes, Judy and Miron (May 22nd) San Francisco, California

Thanks Nick and Mike for the enjoyable excursion and lunch. Will come back again. Cheers Ed (May 18th) UK

Good morning Nicholas, coming back home to 1000 work emails has kept me quite busy. We want to thank you and Michael for the excellent experience you provided us during our trip to Rhodes! That short trip gave us great memories that will last a lifetime. Take care! John (May 16th) Tulsa, Oklahoma

Nicholas, we thoroughly enjoyed our day on Rhodes and will recommend your service. Stathis was a wonderful ambassador for your beautiful island! Best regards, John L (May 14th) Adelaide AU

Hi Nicholas, We had a wonderful time! Thank you!!!  Cheryl (May 10th) UK

Our most heartfelt thanks for our recent tour of Rhodes with Mike the Taxi Driver; Rhodes Half Day Tour and Lindos. It was a beautiful and just perfect tour with the best weather. The meeting point so close to the ship, meeting you & the driver at the same time, and an early start was a plus for us.

Mike was specifically professional, safe, and a fountain of knowledge about Rhodes. His tour particularly made our Lindos visit memorable since we enjoyed a maximum amount of time. Lindos was picture perfect, the people so welcoming, and we found the perfect little taverna for lunch run by a family — great tour stop.   Also enjoyed the Pottery Store visit and demonstration; very personable and unique.  Thank you all for a wonderful tour and professionally managed activity. Our best to all of you and the Rhodes stop on our cruise was certainly a highlight!  Clayton J. (May 4th) Minneapolis

Nicholas, we were very happy with the services you provided. Michael is an excellent and patient driver. We received exactly what we were looking to learn. When I return home, I will post a very positive review on Trip Advisor. Sincerely, Russell F. (April 22nd) Canada

Hi Nick, Thank you. It was a very good day. I will write on Trip Advisor when I get some better WiFi.  Regards Jane R (April 10th) Toronto Canada
