---
title: '2018'
position: 5
year: 2018
---

On arrival in Rhodes by ship we were promptly met by our tour-driver Emanuel. He gave us a comprehensive tour of the city and we then went to the harbor entrance where we had time to admire the very decorative Church of the Annunciation. We then went to where the Aegean Sea meets the Mediterranean Sea and saw ancient buildings. Emanuel also took us to Lindos and the Acropolis and finally we went to St Paul’s Bay. Our tour was well organized and Emanuel was interesting and informative. We would recommend that any visitors to Rhodes should book a tour through Nicholas Rhodes Private Tours. The process was easy and the day was memorable.  David and Sue (Dec 18th) Sacramento, California

Dear Nicholas, We thoroughly enjoyed our tour with your company on Nov. 5th! Andrew was an awesome driver. He’s a real gem! Can’t stop thinking of all those beautiful hotels that are standing empty at this time of year. Hope to return to your beautiful island!!  Best regards, Jeanne (Dec 5th) Kansas City, Mo

Nicholas, We all had a great time in Rhodes. We saw so many interesting locations and learned a lot about the area. Thanks Again  Brian (Nov 28th) Mesa, Arizona

Nicholas, This by far was the BEST tour we have had. Dominic was like family to us. There is absolutely no way you can improve. Thank you again and we hope to see you again. Marlene and Jon (Nov 7th) Atlanta, Ga.

We very much enjoyed our visit to Rhodes. Your service was excellent from making the reservation through the warm welcome at the port and the morning tour. Stathis was friendly, Informative, and good company. And his recommendation for lunch was excellent.  Thank you for a memorable visit to Rhodes!  Kind regards, Laura (Nov 2nd) Virginia Beach, Va.

Thank you so much. We loved our tour and will definitely recommend it to anyone. You are very prompt, professional and everything was as promised.  Sharon and Tony (Oct 30th) UK

We had a fabulous time, Kosta was amazing and really made our day special!  We will be posting a review on TripAdvisor!!  Thank you so much,  Linda (Oct 23rd) Colorado Springs

Hi Nicholas, the tour was perfect! We enjoyed it thoroughly. Thank you very much, Michael and Sergio!  Mrs. Cheng (Oct 20th) Taiwan

Nicholas, thank you for giving us Michael. He was a wonderful, pleasant person and driver and very knowledgeable. We had a terrific tour and he topped it by bringing us to a wonderful restaurant. We would highly recommend your company to any of our friends. This was one of the best tours on our trip.  Thanks again  Mart (Oct 9th) Toronto Canada

We would like to thank you for the wonderful day that we had using your company for our tour of Rhodes. Their were 8 of us traveling together & we had 2 cars. We had Michael as our driver, he was very informative, give us many facts of your beautiful island & answered all of our questions. We chose your company instead of doing a tour with the cruise ship & we were very happy that we did that. We customized our tour, no problem with that. A couple highlights of our tour were the stop at St. Paul’s Bay for a photo opportunity & the very beautiful spot that we stopped at to have a nice lunch. We escaped the crowds from the cruise ship & had a wonderful day!  Marilyn Haight (Oct 8th) Raleigh, N.C.

Hi, All I can say is WOW what a magnificent day and what a magnificent place. On a scale from 1 - 10, I would rate our experience as 11.5. Mike is truly a great ambassador for your Company and Country. We will recommend your company to everyone.  Regards Phil (Oct 8th) Oakland, Calif.

Thank you! It was a high point of our trip. Great job! Cathy (Oct 7th) Tulsa, Okla.

Hi Nicholas, We had a fantastic day. Dominic was an outstanding guide and we really enjoyed his company and commentary. We certainly understand more about olives and olive oil than we did 24 hours ago. You are lucky to have a relationship with someone of his caliber.  We have thoroughly enjoyed our visit to your beautiful island. We are from Australia and our civilized history dates back 200 years. Rhodes has thousands of years of history which is amazing for us.  Hopefully we will be back one day and get to see more.  Kind regards.  Peter and Liz Oct 7th) Melbourne AU

We did a tour with Rhodes Private Tours. Nicholas was the owner and our driver was Michael. We had the best tour with them. He took us to all the beautiful bays that are on Rhodes and told us that the movie The Guns of Navarone was made here. There is a bay named Anthony Quinn Bay after the actor who was in the movie. We were on a cruise, if you had more time it would be a nice place to spend a week.  Gail (Oct 4th) Cleveland, Ohio

Thank you for the awesome experience on your island. It is so beautiful! We had a great time and learned a lot. Please tell Kostas we appreciate his knowledge and hospitality.  I look forward to returning one day to your beautiful island for a vacation.  Candi (Oct 2nd) New Orleans USA

Nicholas, We had an amazing tour and Giannis was excellent. Very pleasant, strong English, very knowledgeable. Haraki village was a perfect stop for swimming in a quiet bay with no hordes of tourists and the Argo restaurant was amazing, reasonably priced and absolutely delicious.  I'll be posting a review on TripAdvisor shortly.  Thanks again,  Amit (Sept 22nd) Yorkshire UK

Nicholas, Thank you!! It was a pleasure to meet you. Kostas was great. I wish we could have spent the entire day with him. We truly enjoyed the brief time we had. His knowledge and his ability to communicate were tremendous. Thank you again for making him available.  Warmest regards, Steve (Sept 21th) Alberta Canada

Hi Nicholas, Thanks again for a wonderful day in Rhodes. We loved the tour and the lunch stop at Argo was fantastic. I will do a TripAdvisor review as well for you and again thank you for making our day special. The group all commented how great a day it was. Kindest regards  Pam (Sept 18th) Arlington, Texas

Hey Nicholas, We had a great time visiting Rhodes. It is a beautiful island and Mike did a great job showing us around and telling us all about the island. Thank you again for everything. Sharon (Sept 16th) \| Cruise & Vacation Consultant.  Expedia Cruise Ship Centers

Nicholas, Our tour and or driver exceeded our expectations. Stamatis was knowledgeable and helpful. He showed us the highlights of Rhodes and tailored the tour to what we wanted to see. He was able to answer all our questions and provide us with great info about Rhodes and the surrounding areas. Thanks for the service and the Stamatis. We have recommended your service to others who may be going to Rhodes in the future. David (Sept 14th) Denver, Colo.

Excellent private tour of Rhodes. Driver/Guide was attentive and informative. Highly recommend. Everything went flawlessly, from my first contact with them 6 months prior to our tour until we were dropped off back at the ship. Ken (Sept11th) Baltimore, Md.

If you're looking for a perfect tour company, this is it. Nicholas found the formula for making the tourist comfortable from beginning to end of trip. Communication was a easy and when Mike came to ship for pickup he was on time and felt more like family member was there to guide us. We had specific wants and needs (we are an active senior couple) and Mike followed our instructions to the letter. We saw as many historical areas as possible in such a short time in a relaxed and slow pace. He even took us to a super market to get the flavor of Rhodes local life. Can't thank you enough Nicholas and Mike. We look forward to returning soon and will contact you as soon as we have a date. Best regards Georgia (Ag 27) San Jose, Calif.

We (4 of us) pre-booked a private tour for Rhodes. We were here for one day while on a cruise. It was called the "Best of Rhodes" tour and ran for about 5 hours and the email correspondence with Nicholas seemed quite straightforward. We can recommend this tour as alternative to taking a large group tour. It is readily customizable to the needs and interests of your group and very good value. Fernando (Aug 25th) Córdoba Argentina

Nicholas, Thank YOU for one of the best tours we have ever had. Tonight, at dinner I raved about the wonderful time we had and how much we learned and enjoyed it. I will recommend it to everyone I know. Please give our best regards to Dominic. He treated us like family. Thank you again.  Esther and Ron (Aug 22nd) Chicago, Ill.

After a bit of research and communication with Nicholas, we decided the Best of Rhodes half day tour would best fit our group of six adults. We were picked up promptly at the pier where our cruise ship docked. I believe our tour guide was named Dimitri? We had a very skilled driver as well. Dimitri was very enthusiastic! With his sense of humor and wealth of knowledge about Rhodes, it made for a marvelous day! We especially enjoyed Lindos, the medieval city, the beautiful scenery, and a pottery shop! Dimitri even brought us to a traditional Greek eatery in the medieval city that was so good! Thank you, Nicholas, for the great memories!  Jeanne Collins (Aug 8th) Los Angeles, Calif.

We did a full day tour from our ship. There were 6 of us so we had two drivers, Manuel and Mike, they were the best! We even changed our itinerary when we got off the ship and this was not a problem. We were able to spend as much time as we wanted at each stop. We also decided to let the kids swim and they found the perfect spot with a restaurant overlooking the sea. A great fun filled day was had by all. I would highly recommend this company and our drivers to anyone, if you want to have the best day in Rhodes! Misty (July 20th) San Jose, California

Hello! We are back in NY and wanted to thank you again for the wonderful day we had in Rhodes. Sergio is terrific and we really enjoyed getting to know him and getting to know Rhodes through him. All the best. Deborah (July 16th) Indianapolis

Hi Nicholas, we thoroughly enjoyed our visit and will be putting a very good review on TripAdvisor when we return. Please pass on our thanks to Manuel, who did a splendid job and was both helpful and informative.  Kind regards Alan (July 12th) Manchester UK

Nicholas and our wonderful driver Kuriakos truly gave us a day to remember! The beauty of booking a tour with Nicholas’ company is you get six-star service from the moment of enquiry to the minute you are dropped off - the best tour ever!! Can’t wait to go back to Rhodes so we can meet these lovely people again - can’t recommend them enough! Absolutely brilliant!! Angie and Tommy (July 1st) London UK

After researching various private tour services of Rhodes, we selected Rhodes Shore Excursions over others because of the positive customer reviews. And we were not disappointed! Our driver Michael arrived on time, confirmed the day's itinerary, and then off we went. Throughout the day he offered (and we gladly accepted) suggestions for side stops on route to our planned stops to the Acropolis and Lindos, St. John's Bay, and then lunch and sunbathing at Haraki Beach. Michael will forever be a part of our memories of Rhodes. A very special day for us.  Carole (July 1st) Philadelphia, Pa.

Our driver Andreas was ready waiting outside our hotel for us at our arranged time, he was friendly professional and knowledgeable about the island. He took us to some beautiful places, I’m so glad as we would not have seen them by ourselves. Andreas was always on hand to offer advice what to do and where. Our lunch he assured us was delicious and it was the best meal we had in Greece.  Nicola (June 30th) London UK

Dear Nicholas, Thank you so much for your help and knowledge. You really helped us see the island with kids. I will definitely write on TripAdvisor a good review. soon.  Regards Sruthy and Family (June 26th) Kent UK

We contacted Nicholas through Trip Advisor, then the e-mail correspondence began and we learned we had options for a group as large as ours. We had 10 people, ages 12 to 61.  Nicholas and his other two drivers, Michael and Steven were waiting for us in air-conditioned cars just outside the disembarkation point from our boat. Nicholas gave us the best experience possible.  Jill and Family (June 24th) Columbus, Ohio

Nicholas, it was great. Thank you for meeting us before we left. Kostas and Jack went out of their way to help me. We love Rhodes and the tour just made it more beautiful.  Thank you.  Ann (June 20th) Los Angeles, Calif.

Thank you for the fabulous experience of Rhodes. Mum and I will cherish these beautiful memories always. Michael was the perfect host and great representative for your company - I will add my comments to TripAdvisor in the next few days , thanks again for all the knowledge and your flexibility.  Regards Emy and Parthena (June 19) Sidney AU

Nicholas, We had a great time with Kostas. We are so happy we did a private tour with your company. He has a wealth of knowledge of the area and was very entertaining. We have received our pottery from Crazy Yanni! OO-PA!  Mike H (June 16th) Washington DC

We had a wonderful day and Mike was extremely obliging and knowledgeable. He is a careful driver and we enjoyed all the special places he took us. We can highly recommend him and your company to everyone.  All good wishes.  Alex and Ros (June 13th)  Charlotte, N.C

Nichola, We had a blast with Dominic! He was so great with our kids! A true gem of Rhodes! We certainly will give our driver Dominic and your company a wonderful review on Trip Advisor as soon as we get to Rome on Sunday. Thank you.  Emily (June 12th) Boston, Massachusetts

I booked a group of 14 people on the Rhodes tour and must say (with all the other 13 in total agreement), this was the "best tour" we went on while cruising the Greek Isles. Kosta (our tour guide) was AWESOME. He is professional, knowledgeable and loves his island of Rhodes. Everyone actively engaged him in conversations about the history and culture and you can tell - he truly loves his job. So, to Kosta...and Nicholas....OPA! I would book this tour again and again.... thanks for making our tour so memorable!  Sandra (June 2nd) Nashville-Davidson

We had a great day with Manuel our driver travelling all over Rhodes. We spent time on our own to explore Lindos. Manuel tailored our day to our wishes. Our lunch in a picturesque village by the sea was delicious and relaxing. If you want a private shore excursion book with “Rhodes Shore Excursions”. A great day and very memorable.  Jennifer (June 2nd) Baltimore, Md.

Thank You for making our stop at Rhodes a very nice one, Cheers to Andrew, He was at the very top of his game that day. We enjoyed his company and learned a lot about Greek life. We have not received our pottery as of yet but it may still be a little early. I will keep your business name and Andrew’s name and reference you on to others. Thanks. Richard and Susan (May 26) Fresno, California

Hi Nicholas, we had a lovely time. A highlight was the lovely restaurant. Will do a review later. Thank You very much. Erica (May 24th) Southampton UK

Dear Nicholas, We had a wonderful day and Sergio went out of his way to accommodate our wishes.  Thank you. Lesley (May 24th) Sheffield UK

Thanks a lot, to all of you, we had a very beautiful day in Rhodes. We must go back. Thanks again for the excellent service Patricia and Family (May 10th) Belgium

Nicholas, Thank You for an outstanding tour. All of us loved the tour and your beautiful Island. The people were friendly everywhere we went. The food was excellent and Michael's choice for lunch was superb. We will be sure to tell all of our friends about your tour and your island. Look forward to someday returning. Michael was an excellent guide the best we have had all week. We will be sure to call when we return.  Best Wishes, Richard W.  (May 3rd) Kansas City, Mo.

We were a party of 10. Unanimously, we all loved our very comprehensive tour of Rhodes. We found this island to be a hidden gem. We toured the medieval city, so interesting. Our 5-hour tour was perfect! upon return to USA will review with TripAdvisor.  Thank you!  Jane (May 2nd) Austin, Texas
