---
title: '2019'
position: 4
year: 2019
---

Thank you, Nicholas and Manuel, for making our short stay in Rhodes so nice. We promised ourselves to be there again in the future.  Happy new year! Giorgio and family (31 Dec) Italy

Dear Nicholas, it’s a pleasure to share our wonderful experience with you and Michael - our thanks go out to you both! We wish you a lovely holiday season, 2020, and beyond Warmly, Jeff (Dec 28th) Kent UK

The pre tour communication was outstanding. On the day of the tour we had a Driver who was very passionate about the island where he lived. His narrative was exceptional and easy to understand. Overall, we visited the majority of the ships excursion destinations in our single private tour. We could not recommend this tour operator any more highly.  Mark (Dec 9th) N.Y

Hi Nicholas, thank you for the wonderful tour with Driver Mike when we were in Rhodes recently. Thank you for sharing your beautiful island with us!  Tina & Ted (Nov 17th) Arlington, Texas

Nicholas, Thank-you and thank Stathis for a great day in Rhodes! We only wish we had more time as this was one of our best days! I will be writing a TripAdvisor review soon :)    Have a great day!  Laura (Nov 8th) New Orleans, La. USA

Nicholas, Thank you for the tour.  We had a wonderful time and Apostolos was fantastic. Everything was perfect. Thank you again.    Dave (Oct 29th) Wichita, Kansas USA

Nicholas, Thanks for your great Service. Emanuel did a great job. Hope to get back to Rhodes someday.  Roger and Pam (Oct 30th) Cleveland, Ohio

Dear Nicholas, We had a fabulous time and can’t thank you enough for providing us with such an enjoyable and professional tour. Michael was an outstanding tour/driver. Since he is local to Rhodes, he was able to share very interesting facts that others might not know. Thank you again. Best regards, Jim and Mimi, Nancy and Kevin (Oct 23rd) Tulsa, Oklahoma

Nicholas, Had a wonderful time on Rhodes and you have a beautiful island and Kostas was an amazing tour guide. Certainly, will consider a future return to enjoy more to the sites.  Mike (Oct 20th) Minneapolis USA

Hi Nicholas, I put pictures on Facebook and already had a friend ask for your information. It was a great day! Emmanuel took good care of us. Thanks. Barbara (Oct 18th) Oakland, Calif

Nicholas, We really enjoyed the trip. Kostas the tour guide and Jacob the driver, were both excellent. Kostas especially informed regarding the history of Rhodes. Would definitely recommend to anyone.  Kevin (Oct 13th) Miami, Fla.

Hello, Nicholas! We all four were really impressed with Michael. We LOVED Rhodes and want to return. I had done my research and looked at photos on-line, but was not prepared for such beauty.   Michael answered any questions we asked him and we liked his humor. I personally LOVED the cruise port/harbor area and the history associated with it. I hope to return and take more photos of this area.    The couple traveling with us could not get over the beauty of the water with the turquoise and indigo waters! I think we were all surprised how close Turkey is! I Thank you for everything, Nicholas! Thank Michael for us also. You are lucky to live in such a beautiful place. Enjoy it for us.  Lucinda (Oct 9th) Raleigh, N.C. USA

Nicholas, we had an outstanding Tour, thanks to you and Mike.  Michael (Oct 6th) Colorado Springs

Yannis was wonderful. He was a great driver and showed us so much of your beautiful island. Rhodes is our favorite part of Greece so far. He gave us so much information and took us to many places, as well as all of the places we wanted to go. We highly recommend your company and Yannis. Thank you so MUCH.  Cheri (Oct 1st) Omaha, Nebr. USA

Thank you, Nicholas, Angelos was very nice and everything went well. We will refer your services with high marks.  Kind regards, James (Sept 28th) Southampton UK

Nicholas had a fabulous time!!! Thanks for showing us your country...it is beautiful.  Rochelle and Lynn (Sept 24th) Belgium

What an incredible time in Rhodes. Dora you are a wonderful guide and more. Thank you so much. Hope to see more of the group. Sincerely, Sue (Sept 23rd) Virginia Beach, Va.

Hello! I wanted to let you know that Emmanuel was amazing! We had a great time and he was so friendly and helpful! Thanks again for letting us book with your company!  Sarah and Randy (Sept 19th) Atlanta, Ga.

Nicholas, Thank you so much!! Andrew was fabulous. We enjoyed it. Our lunch place was spectacular!!  Ann (Sept 3rd) Mesa, Ariz. USA

Thank you, Nicholas, Our visit was wonderful and your team made it very enjoyable. Kostas and Manolis were friendly and professional and Kostas was full of very interesting information. You are a keeper any time our travels find us back in Rhodes!  Sincerely, Martha (Aug 31st) Colorado USA

Dear Nicholas, THANK YOU for a wonderful day !!! We had a great time Kostas and Yannis were very Professional and kind!  I hope to see you soon!  All the best Beril (Aug18th) Jacksonville, Fla

Nicholas, Thank you for everything. We could not have had a better tour experience!! Yvonne (Aug 15th) San Francisco, Calif.

Nicholas, I can’t thank you enough. I appreciate all you did for us and have done. Wishing you well.  Thank you, Kerri (Aug 13th) Indianapolis USA

Hi Nicholas, Thank you so much for the wonderful tour of Rhodes. Our family thoroughly enjoyed every moment and we all agree Rhodes was our favorite stop along the whole cruise. My sister and I are already brainstorming when we can get back there! Liana and Yannis were amazing, so thoughtful and considerate of our family’s needs throughout the entire trip. We can’t thank you all enough for truly making our family vacation a memorable one. Please extend our gratitude to Liana and Yannis and we will be sure to book with you again when we return to Rhodes!  Sincerely, Ashley R. (Aug 6th) Columbus, Ohio

Nicholas thank you. We had a brilliant time. We have just returned home and have wonderful memories of Rhodes. Louise said Rhodes was her favorite out of all the places we visited. Greetings to Dominic. He was a very informative and safe driver.  Leanne (July 15th) Fort Worth, Texas

Our private tour exceeded my expectations and our driver Emanouel was just... amazing. We got to see soft white sandy beaches and super quaint local treasures. We also experienced beautiful Lindos from all sorts of angles and an amazing pottery shop that has been around for generations where we purchased many treasures from our journey. We also chose to add an extra hour so we could enjoy an amazing authentic Greek meal at Argos, the most picturesque place I saw on the island. When the day comes that I get back to Rhodes or if any of my friends go, there is no doubt we will seek Nicholas and Emanouel out!  Nicole and Kerri (July 8th) Charlotte, N.C. USA

Hi Nicholas, I wanted to let you know I left a review on TripAdvisor and gave the tour 5 stars. Kostas was an excellent tour guide and we truly appreciated everything he did especially when most in our group were tired and only wanted lunch, he made sure to go with myself and my wife to the Acropolis which ended up being the best part of the day. We truly thank him for going that extra mile for us and making sure we got to see it.  Many thanks, Jason & Jennifer (June 12th) Detroit, Mich. USA

Nicholas, Emmanuel was wonderful and we couldn’t have been more pleased with our short visit to Rhodes. Thank you and Emmanuel for making it memorable. Linda (June 10th) El Paso, Texas

We greatly enjoyed our tour of beautiful Rhodes! Emanuel was absolutely perfect! He speaks great English, is knowledgeable about the island, is a good driver and is very accommodating.  Thanks, Susan and Family (June 4th) Seattle, Washington

Hello Nicholas, Thank you for a wonderful day! Cynthia and Family (June 3rd) Denver, Colo.

Nicholas, thank you for a memorable day We will enjoy our pictures and think of beautiful Rhodes David will never forget the trip to Lindos!  Debbie and David (June 3rd) Washington, DC

Thank you, Nicholas. We had a terrific day indeed with Steve. He was a wonderful host and guide with many fond memories made. Rhodes is a beautiful island. So glad we were able to experience it the way we did. Sincerely Paul & Cathy (May 28th) Memphis, Tenn.

Hello Nicholas, It was a pleasure meeting you this morning. Michael was an outstanding driver. I will give him and your company the highest grades when I review online later.  Everything was outstanding. Thank you, Shawn (May 28th) Dallas, Texas

It was a great day. We had so much fun. And we LOVED the lunch venue, Argo! AN amazing perfect choice.  Thanks! Charlie (May 28th) Austin, Texas

Good afternoon Nicholas, We enjoyed our tour immensely. Emmanuel, our driver was fantastic. Highly recommended! Thank you, Karen (May 27th) Toronto Canada

Thank you, Liana and Jacob,! we had a great day in Rhodes, we hope to return again someday to enjoy your beautiful island again. Nick it was very nice meeting you and thank you for putting together a great tour for us. All the best, (May 25th) Allan and Sheryl Sidney Australia

Thank you, Nicholas. We had a wonderful time, and really want to compliment Yannis for being an excellent guide!  Karen (May 17th) Kent UK

Thank you, Nicholas, we had a great time!!! Dimitris was a perfect tour guide. We enjoyed it and learned a lot!!  Gabriela (May 15th) Mexico

Thanks Nicholas. Great tour and Michael was great. Thanks for the memories. Jack (May 14th) Sheffield UK

Nicholas. It has been a pleasure booking this tour with you and I will certainly keep you in mind for my future clients visiting Greece. Best wishes to you and your company & a sincere thank you for your communication and expertise. Kind regards Louise Hurst (May 11th) Jacksonville, Fla USA

We had an amazing day! Stathis was perfect. We saw exactly what we wanted to see. And the lunch was the best meal we’ve had on our trip! Will highly recommend you!! Thanks for a perfect day! Phyllis (May 7th) San Francisco, Calif.

Hi Nicholas, just want to say huge thanks to you and Michael. We had such an amazing time at Rhodes! We had been to several Greek islands with the cruise this time and Rhodes is definitely my favorite one! thanks for Michael s great hospitality! He cares my kids which made them really happy and so were us! Rhodes is beautiful and one day is definitely not enough! I will definitely come back to Rhodes one day and hope i can contact you and Michael again. With our best regards and thanks, Angela and family (April 25th) Nashville-Davidson USA

We loved our tour! Rhodes was our favorite Greek port! Dominic was fantastic! Thank you so much for a great tour! Thank you Robyn (April 22nd) Baltimore, Md. USA

Hello Nicholas, we had a wonderful time with your brother Michael! Everything went very smoothly. Thank you again for a great tour! David (April 15th) Oklahoma City
