---
title: '2021'
position: 2
year: 2021
---

Hi Nicholas, we loved every minute of our tour. It was fabulous! Manuel and Michael were so knowledgeable and accommodating. Thank you so much for all of your help in setting the tour up.<br>
Susan C. (Dec 1st) Fort Smith, Arkansas, USA

Hi Nicholas, We all agreed that Kostas and Manuel are a great team. Out tour was great. We saw many things that we wanted and Kostas added the pottery shop and Manuel took control for a coffee/coke stop. We will all remember the "Look Look Look" from Kostas to make sure we did not miss anything. Greeting to all.<br>
Thanks Again, Ken, Deanna, Richard and Ann (Nov 16th) Los Angeles USA

Hi Nicholas. We just arrived home and want to let you know that we had a wonderful day with Andrew. It is always a pleasure to have a guide that really takes interest in assuring the guests are satisfied. Rhodes is so beautiful...I only wish we had more time. I am so glad that I was able to meet you Nicholas. We were so very lucky that the rain stopped and we were able to have such a lovely day. We hope to return to Rhodes again and will certainly be in touch. I will also be sure to refer our agency's cruise guests to your company when they wish a private tour away from the large cruise line groups.<br>
Please say hi to Andrew!, Stay well and safe!<br>
Stephanie M., President, All Aboard Cruises, Inc. (Oct 20th) Miami/FL/USA

Nicholas, our time in Rhodes was awesome. It was our favorite island. Our driver Mike did an outstanding job. He was very professional and could tell he really loved his job. We loved everything we saw and really enjoyed our time at the pottery demonstration. We will definitely recommend you to our friends who will be traveling to the Greek Isles. Thanks again for everything.<br>
Thanks Brian C. (Oct 2nd) Memphis, Tennessee, USA

Kalimera from Miami🖐. Hi Nicholas, it was a pleasure to have met you, you are very professional, you always answered me quickly every email I sent you, you always checked in on our tour with our driver 😊. Stamos, he made us feel like family, a very good person, kind, accommodating, he taught us many things about the beautiful island of Rhodes. We were delighted in Rhodes, our regards to Stamos. We need to have had at least 3 or 4 more days to enjoy and learn more. If God allows, we can see each other again.<br>
Love always Miriam L. 👍🖐😊 (Oct 1st) Hialeah, FL, USA

Hello Nicholas, At the end of the cruise, I took a vote from my group on their favorite port stop AND our favorite tour. It was a 100% win for the island of Rhodes and the custom tour you put together for us, as well as our outstanding tour guide Kostas and driver Teo. Rhodes came in first for all persons, even over the islands of Mykonos and Santorini. When asked which island they would want to come back to stay for a week, again Rhodes won the vote. I can't thank you enough for helping me to plan the itinerary for my group. It truly was a perfect day, with the stop at the Argo restaurant the perfect choice. Of course there was not enough hours in one day, as I would have loved to spend even more time in the cute village of Lindos as well as Old Rhodes Town. More reason to come back for a longer visit. The kindness of the people and the beauty of your island has left us with such wonderful memories.<br>
Thank you again, Patricia B. Wild About Travel, LLC (Sept 22nd) High Ridge, MO, USA

Nicholas thank you so much! We were so impressed with your organization and the tour your company provides. Manuel was a wonderful guide and shared so much of your beautiful island, way of life, customs, and history. We really feel like we learned so much and great appreciated him sharing his home with us! We have another group of people going on the same cruise next week and I will definitely be passing along your info!! Thank you again! Rhodes by far was our favorite place we visited on the cruise!! Can't wait to come back and spend more time!<br>
Jennifer A. (Sept 14th) Friendswood, Texas, USA

Nick, I have to say that Konstantine and Jacob- went beyond their duties to assist us. Konstantine our tour guide is quiet a historian, a philosopher, knows geography of the area, and even helped us with finding a small restaurant near the ship. Tell him we enjoyed all the food and wine served and we highly recommend this restaurant for your clients. It was a "power-packed" tour and the best we have had in a long time. My wife is a travel agent (with us) and has many tours under her belt; but this one is tops. We got from Konstantine two authors that he recommended and will get the books upon return to Louisiana.<br>
Regards, Jackie T. from Cajun country! (Sept 1st) Louisiana USA

Nicholas it was a pleasure meeting you. Glad to bring some business to Rhodes and hope to return again one day. Kostas and Jakob were the best. Thank you for arranging our tour and coming down to the dock to greet us.<br>
Ken, H. and Family (Aug 24th) USA

Nicholas, The tour was absolutely amazing. Highlight of our trip. Kostas and Manolis were extremely accommodating and sincerely kind. Wish we could go back. Thank you. I would recommend this tour to anyone.<br>
Sarah M. (Aug 19th) St Louis, MO USA

Nicholas, your tour was absolutely perfect - it truly could not have been better. The sights we saw, the time we spent, the private luxury mini-bus, the awesome traditional Rhodes lunch, and most importantly Kostas and Michael - we had an amazing day and can't thank you enough. The tour made us want to return to Rhodes for a longer visit - hopefully we can do this one day. Thanks again for all of your help and for such a wonderful tour.<br>
Sincerely, Sean and Family (Aug 6th) Los Angeles, CA

Hi Nikolas! It was so wonderful meeting you and we thoroughly enjoyed our trip in Rhodes. We believe it would not have been as magical of it weren't for you and your driver Andrew. He was amazing!. I will be going back to work on Monday to share the experience with my colleagues and guests. Please stay in touch!!<br>
Kimmie D. | Personal Cruise Consultant | NCL (July 24th ) Miami FL

Hello Nicholas and Manolis, We had such an amazing time and thank you for showing us what makes Rhodes special. We will leave a review on TripAdvisor and highly recommend your company when we get home. Thank you for the memories and looking forward to returning,<br>
Michelle and Leila. (July 14th) Texas USA

We loved our tour/driver for this tour! Sergio was an informational and lively conversationalist and had so many interesting things to say about growing up in Rhodes. He stopped and picked some thyme and sage for me on the side of the road- which I loved! And he took us to some beautiful viewpoints and beaches we would have never found on our own. This tour is a great place to start your experience in Rhodes- and I really like the flexible part of it where you can make it longer if you want to see more!<br>
Jenn O. (July 5th) Bountiful, Utah

Thank you for making our short visit to your beautiful island a memorable one. Sergio was very friendly and gave us an insight into the history and life of Rhodes. Best!!<br>
Carol P. (5th June) London UK

Nicholas, Thank you for an amazing day in Rhodes. We enjoyed meeting and spending time with Michael and exploring the south part of your beautiful island. Thanks again for your excellent service. Best regards<br>
Alan and Debby (May 29th) Lady Lake, Florida